Interface:
------------
---> interface are able to allow only abstract method.
---> For Interface are able to declare refrence variavle we are unable to creat object.
---> In Interfaces Bydefault All variable are "public static final" not required 
     declare explicitly
---> In interfaces Bydefault all method "public and abstract", nopt required to declare
     explicitly
---> interfaces will provide more sharebility when compared to cloass and abstractv classes


Procedure To use Interfaces In JAVA application:
----------------------------------------------------
1. Declare an interface by using interface Keyword
2. Declare variable amd method as per the requirement
3. Declare an Implementation Class for the interface
4. Provide implementation for abstract method in Implementation Class
5. In main class, in main merthod creat the object implementaiojn class or declare
   refrence variable ether for implemtation class or the interface
6. Access the interface member.

Note: if we declare refrence variable for interface then we are able to access only interface
      member we are unable to access implemtation member...But if we declare refrence variable for the implementation
      class then we are able to acxcess both interface member and the implmentation members
 


Q: What are the diffrence b/we classes abstract classes and interfaces?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Classes are able to allow only concrete method.
   Abstract class are ableto allow bot abstract method method concrete method
   Interface are able to allow only abstract class.
   
2. to declare Class only class keyword is enough
   To declare abstract class for keyword we nee to add "abstract" along with class
   To declare abstract class for keyword we need to named as interface

3. for class we are able to declare refe. variable as well as object
   for abtract class and interface  we are able to declare only the reference variable

4. Incase of interface byudefault all variable is puslic static final
   Nodefault case existed

5. Incase of interface byudefault all method is public and abstract
   No default classes and default xases existed
6. In classes and abstract class constructor is possible
   
7. In interface, static block is possible and instance blosck are possible
   In class and abstract class static block is possible and instance blosck are NOT possible

8. class provide less shareablity
   abstract class provide middle shareablity
   interface provide more shareablity
